Cdetheme 1.4.2 - December 2022

Cde front panel and gtk/qt/xfce theme. Mainly meant to use with
xfce4.  Logged in to an xfce session, run 

./startpanel

to install the theme  on first run and start the front panel. 

The cdepanel and gtk/qt themes all use older python and pyqt
versions so they won't run on most current systems. Needs a
rewrite, but for now I packaged everything in a pyinstaller
executable. This creates its own environment, with the old
dependencies installed inside. I tested it on the current Linux
Mint, MX, Debian stable and sid, Open Suse Leap, Fedora, Xubuntu
and Sparky, all with Xfce installed. Please do not use 'minimal
xfce install', that won't work.

The scripts do rely on some external helper programs, most are
already installed on the average distribution with xfce.  These
ones you also need:

imagemagick, gtk2 pixmap engine, qt5ct, qt5 gtk2 platform theme,
qt5 style plugins, gtk-launch, orage, ... and what not

Everything still needs work, but yes I thought just put out this
one that works on the newer distributions... 

USAGE:

Configuration of the cdepanel app can mostly be done by right
click on the panel. Different options will be shown when clicking
on a launcher (icon), drawer, or side handle. 

Apps can be added to the panel and drawers using drag and drop.
One can drag icons over from the xfce4-appfinder or whisker menu
to the panel or open drawer. But one can also drag icons from an
open drawer to the panel or vice versa, or from one position in
the panel to another.

Colors, backdrops and window borders can be changed  in the
'Settings' dialog (right-click panel). More advanced settings can
be made by editing the config file (see 'Advanced' tab in the
settings dialog). Edit at your own risk! 

Keys and mouse on panel:

mousewheel:				Switch workspace
=/-, ctrl-mousewheel:	Larger/smaller size
h/H, shift-mousewheel:	More/less sharpness
p/P:		Cycle back/forth through color palettes 
s/S:		More/less saturated colors in panel
c:			Pop up config dialog
r:			Save layout (after moving buttons etc)
n:			Toggle between 4 and 8 colors mode
esc:		Close all drawers
ctrl-c:		Exit program
ctrl-r: 	Restart
0: 			Resize panel to unscaled 'original' size

Mousewheel over pavucontrol icon: change speaker volume.
Mouse at bottom of the screen raises the panel window above all
others.


ADDITIONAL:

If you want to get rid of the new client side decorations windows
and draw normal Motif style window decorations always, please 

sudo apt install gtk3-nocsd

and set 

  export GTK_CSD=0
  export LD_PRELOAD=<"full path" of your libgtk3-nocsd.so.0 file>

in your .bashrc. I'm looking for a better solution for this, 
but yes...

